Hello computer science 1010 students
welcome to week two this week we'll be
getting into really learning some python
code in Chapter
2 and so I would suggest the first thing
that maybe you want to start out doing
is doing your Rebel work in Chapter 2
reading through these
sections uh watching the videos on the
sections and trying out some sample
programs I wanted to just go over a
little bit about Rubble here though
all right so here
is uh what Revel should look like for
you and notice first of all all the due
dates here are um in May June this is
just to keep the whole book open for the
duration of the class so you can go back
and do any of the activities at any time
they're not going to open and close at
certain times uh it's because the rebel
is really your sandbox your place to
practice stuff and um
I I'm not going to take any grades
directly from Revel and into Moodle all
the course grades are going to be in
Moodle all the due dates are going to be
in Moodle right so this is just all this
stuff is just for practice all right so
that being said chapter two is what
we're starting this week and we're going
to have some some Rebel quizzes a lot of
the quizzes uh well first of all let's
just go through you know okay what rubel
should look like for you you should be
doing some reading and then at the end
you'll have a
checkpoint and um you should answer
these checkpoint questions and you you
can keep trying them if you get it
wrong um it
will you know you can you well this one
only had two choices so you you know get
to another choice but usually on the
multiple choice questions you can take
another another stab added or whatever
um so anyway this is just a check to see
if if what have read is kind of if
you've gotten the main points of what
you read um you might need to go back
right and reread uh and then you'll get
to the quiz questions and some of these
quizzes are actually quite quite tricky
and they require some
programming uh to do and like this one
you'll probably be able to do but you
know what if I was still un a little bit
unclear about uh what it was asking here
so this is said says to write a
statement that assigns the value of
3.141592 to the variable Pi what if I
went
3.14 =
pi
and let me click that away I check my
answer and it's going to go through some
process here and it breaks on the I get
the red x that we we've had a problem
here and it's going to give me some idea
uh often these ideas are not going to be
correct all right so let me just warn
you that that's part for the course when
it comes to compiler is trying to guess
what you're trying to do but that might
be an occasion to come over to uh TH or
Cod HS and try the same thing 3.14
equals
pi and I'll run that and because
sometimes the errors you get the the
corrections you get here well it looks
like we're going to get the same one in
this case um but you know let me let me
actually do this correctly now knowing
that the variable name needs to be on
the left side of the equal sign if I run
this it's no problem right this actually
runs this assigns of value I can add
another line of code here to print out
what's inside of
it well I guess I'm G to save it as
something Pi
problem go ahead do that
and now my program's going to print
something out but if I try and transfer
this
over I can I should be able to rerun
this check my
[Music]
answer and now it gets through the the
syntax part so the syntax is is okay
right this is actual python code
but it's telling me and this is actually
pretty good feedback Pi is not equal to
3.141592 why I haven't included all the
digits here right so it's trying to tell
me to include more digits um but it's
always a good idea to try out your
programs in in Fon where you can
actually run them and see what's
happening uh sometimes this feedback is
not that valuable and in in this kind of
case if you were if you were stuck on
on a quiz question I think a great idea
would be to come back to the course and
go down to the week 2 forum that's going
to be available in the extra materials
and make a forum post and let's see if
we can get some discussion going on
these quiz questions because some of
them are quite tricky right so an
appropriate Forum post might
be uh we add a discussion topic and
we'll say quiz uh
question one
on Section
2.5 and I might say I try
to write the
following pi equals
2.14 um but this isn't right
anyone have a
hint and then hopefully somebody will
come along with hey I think you're
missing some digits ideally the hints
should not like solve the problem
ideally a nice hint to write back to one
of your classmates is um something along
the lines of you know that that
hopefully will guide them uh toward what
they're missing but will not actually
write the answer out um there will be
some uh quiz questions I think we where
we will probably write the whole thing
out because um you know once somebody
figures it out everyone else will be
like oh thank God somebody figured that
out because um some of these are tricky
but uh they will they will get us
thinking about the topic area and so I
still think these quiz questions even
though some of them like I say are
tricky are worth discussing all right so
that's your Revel work for the week the
particip ation is meet your instructor
so the goal is for me to have met
everybody either in person or via Zoom
this week an easy way to meet me is to
come by during office hours uh in person
or if you are around during office hours
you just can't come to campus email me
and say hey can I meet with you during
your office hours at this time and I'll
turn on zoom and you'll turn on zoom and
we'll meet via Zoom there is an office
hour Zoom link
let me just point out where it is it's
right here so this is easy to get to you
just click on this on this um link and
that's it it'll it'll start a zoom
session should be fine if you if there's
any logging in to be done you just use
your Casper college credentials but this
just gives us a chance to try out some
of these modes of communications before
you have any questions before we're deep
into the meat of the course and you need
to get a hold of me and to talk through
something um we have tried it
out uh it's not supposed to be a
stressful big deal so if we don't get it
done next week we'll we um during actual
week two we will continue to try and do
it um but you know it it should be a
little bit of a heads up if we have a
really hard time finding a time when we
both can meet you know that makes me a
little bit worried for you that when you
do have questions it will be hard to get
them answered so we'll we we'll at least
take that heads up that ability to to
have a little bit of a heads up um early
that it might be hard to get
together all right and then we've got a
programming assignment I'm going to go
ahead and put some more videos on the
programming assignment side um probably
tomorrow I'm recording this on a Friday
and I want to because I want to go ahead
and open this section up so I'm GNA
finish up this video I hope everybody
has a good week two
